Listing posts
Comment	Owner
Yes... But, I am biased.	Sion C	Show
Looks like a valuable tool. Something that could demand more value. Information/analytics is going to be very important for us in the Packaging Solutions business and this is a useful way of sharing that information.	Kevin S	Show
I think this is a cool concept. Local archiving of statistics seems useful for customers. Access to those stats from a website avoids the interruption and coordination required by remote control software, so that seems useful for Adept engineers.	Jake M	Show
I'm not sure customers would heavily utilize the remote monitoring portion. I do think they would like the Products section for replacement parts, however.	Jake M	Show
Yes, and I think customers would be interested in the remote monitoring. I'm very interested in this...	Jeff B	Show
Hmm, I don't want to be anonymous, JeffB stated yes & thinks remote monitoring would be interesting for customers...	Jeff B	Show
It is very interesting! It looks really good on an iPhone as well.Technically, the server could be running on a SmartVision instead of the Cloud, but I can see the benefit for Adept in selling it as a Service.In Any case, it is very helpful to visualize what can be done with recent technologies!	Alex H	Show
Thanks for all the comments! This feedback is no longer anonymous. Also, you should be able to leave really really long comments. I was using a datatype which only allowed 255 characters... That restriction is no longer in place. So, I would love to hear from you!	Sion C	Show
Some people have asked me about the interface and what made it possible. It costed me $20 and I used four main tools: twitter bootstrap, wrapbootstrap, jQuery and Highcharts. Twitter bootstrap is an opensource framework which provides stylized widgets/controls and provides a standard way of doing interfaces. Wrapbootstrap is a company which puts out themes based on twitter bootstrap. It is primarily responsible for the clean layout that you see here. I paid $20 for this theme. jQuery is a javascript framework responsible for the dynamic nature of some of these controls. For example, when I post a message here, the page does not refresh and my message automatically gets appended to the bottom of this page. That is made possible by jQuery. I use an asynchronous javascript request in the background to post the message to a database so that you can access it later. Finally, I use a charting library called Highcharts which is responsible for all the awesome charts you see here. If this were a professional/commercial site, we would have to pay for a developer license. Also, to turn this into a product, we would ideally customize the theme based on our needs so that our website does not look like the 300 other websites that have purchased the same theme. If you have questions, please feel free to send me a note...	Sion C	Show
Very nice visual demonstration!	Paul J	Show
I really like the Notifications and Alerts as well as some of the features like Send Note to Operator. This looks like the right type of tool to solve our problem of automated error reporting and remote monitoring. I can think of quite a few customers that would buy this.	David M	Show
I think it will be incredibly useful for certain customers. I think information that can be presented in a simple format to the customer without being overly technical is a powerful tool. On the technical side of things, I think the ability to send a note to the operator or view certain things such as ACE versions, etc will be very helpful.	Sean K	Show
I (Mark N.) think this is a great idea. The remote access will be very useful to the guys responsible for a line (e.g., John Obermeyer) that need to check in from home. It would be very useful to us, because it will allow us to see what is really happening on systems without having to hop on a plane. I especially like the tracking of parts and targets (ala Food Spectrum) to see how many parts are actually coming into the system. I think alerting the operators to frequent belt window violations or gripper wear is a great idea also, and something that many customers would like. So, I am totally on board. As far as customers paying, I think that while some customers would pay, making it standard on all Packaging cells is a must.	Mark N	Show
Looks like a very nice tool! Would be very helpful to add a status / error history, so that you can see what happened at the system during the day. Maybe having access to the event log would be sufficiant.	Andreas W	Show
Test	Dimitri K	Show
